feat: add configure model page (#72)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/getting-started/configure-model.mdx

## Before you start

<Tabs groupId="languages">
{[SupportedLanguage.JS_SDK, SupportedLanguage.GO_SDK, SupportedLanguage.DOTNET_SDK].map(lang =>
<TabItem value={lang} label={languageLabelMap.get(lang)}>

1. <SdkSetupPrerequisite />
2. You have [installed the SDK](./install-sdk.mdx), [created the store](./create-store.mdx) and [setup the SDK client](./setup-sdk-client.mdx).
3. You have loaded `FGA_STORE_ID` and `FGA_API_HOST` as environment variables.

</TabItem>
)}
<TabItem value={SupportedLanguage.CURL} label={languageLabelMap.get(SupportedLanguage.CURL)}>

1. <SdkSetupPrerequisite />
2. You have [created the store](./create-store.mdx) and have loaded `FGA_STORE_ID` and `FGA_API_HOST` as environment variables.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Step by Step

Assume that you want to configure your store with the following model.

<AuthzModelSnippetViewer
  configuration={{
    type_definitions: [
      {
        type: 'document',
        relations: {
          reader: {
            this: {},
          },
          writer: {
            this: {},
          },
          owner: {
            this: {},
          },
        },
      },
    ],
  }}
/>

> ### 01. Configure the <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/> API client

Author: Done.

<SdkSetupHeader lang={SupportedLanguage.CURL} />

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### 02. Calling Configuration Model API to Configure Authorization Model

To configure authorization model, we can invoke the [authorization models API](/api/service#/Authorization%20Models/WriteAuthorizationModel).

<WriteAuthzModelViewer
  authorizationModel={{
    type_definitions: [
      {
        type: 'document',
        relations: {
          reader: {
            this: {},
          },
          writer: {
            this: {},
          },
          owner: {
            this: {},
          },
        },
      },
    ],
  }}
  allowedLanguages={[
    SupportedLanguage.JS_SDK,
    SupportedLanguage.GO_SDK,
    SupportedLanguage.DOTNET_SDK,
    SupportedLanguage.CURL,
  ]}
/>

The API will then return the authorization model ID. 

:::info Note
The OpenFGA API only accepts an authorization model in the API&#39;s JSON syntax.

To convert between the API Syntax and the friendly DSL, you can use the
[syntax transformer](https://github.com/openfga/syntax-transformer/) or
[Auth0 FGA's Playground](https://play.fga.dev).
:::

## Related Section

<RelatedSection

>   description="Take a look at the following section for more on how to configure authorization model in your system"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="Take a look at the following sections for more information on how to configure authorization model in your store."
```
